

Why use RecyclePro.co.uk?                               


As the UK’s first mobile comparison site, it's our job to find the best offers for your old tech. And if you find a better deal within 24 hours, we’ll refund you the difference.

By pulling in quotes from as many UK recyclers as possible, we let you see all the available offers on your old phone side by side in our handy comparison table, helping you find the best one.

We carefully vet the recyclers we feature on our site too. That means you'll only see quotes from companies we trust.

Whether you're comparing prices on an old iPhone, Samsung Galaxy, Nokia feature phone, tablet, or other gadget, we're here to help. We’ll get you the best price and ensure your old device gets a new lease of life or is disposed of safely and responsibly.

             



. How can I sell my mobile phone?

 It’s never been easier to sell your phone with musicMagpie! Get an instant price today and we’ll lock it in for 21 days, giving you plenty of time to upgrade.

Plus, recycling your mobile phone with us not only makes you extra cash, but you’ll help keep products in circulation for longer too - it’s smart for you, smart for the planet.

Just follow these easy steps to sell your phone:

To trade in your mobile phone, simply tell us what you want to sell for a FREE instant price. You’ll also need to select the storage and condition of your device. 
When you're happy with your mobile trade-in value, pack your phone into any box and send it to us for FREE.
You'll get paid for your mobile phone trade-in the same day it arrives via PayPal or Bank Transfer.
Plus, our Tech Price Promise means you’ll get paid the first price we offer for your old mobile phone or we’ll return it to you for FREE - it’s that easy! 

To get an instant valuation, select the category at the top of this page and choose the product you want to sell. There’s so much you can sell with us, including trade-in iPad devices, make a console trade-in and so much more.

You won’t have to wait to get paid either, thanks to our Fast Same Day Payments! Learn more about selling your old devices with musicMagpie by heading over to our how it works page. 



. Can I trust mobile recyclers?

At RecyclePro, we pride ourselves on the fact that we only work with resellers that we trust. In fact, every company we work with is vetted, which means we only show resellers that will offer you a reliable service, treat you fairly and deal with your phone properly.


. How do I sell my old phone for the best price?

We're confident that you'll find the best possible price for recycling your old mobile phone through RecyclePro. So confident, in fact, that if you find a better offer within 24 hours, we'll refund you the difference. We can’t say fairer than that.


. Can I sell a broken phone?

Yes, you can sell broken or faulty mobile phones through RecyclePro.

Lots of recyclers offer money for all kinds of damaged phone models. However, quotes can be lower for broken phones compared with working ones, so be prepared for a slight drop in price.

Handsets with big dents and scratches, cracked screens, or dodgy buttons all count as broken - though each recycler tends to have slightly different criteria for what they will and won't accept.


. How much is my phone worth?

The resale value of your old phone will depend on things like:

Its model
How old it is
How much internal storage it has
What condition it's in
Which network it's locked to
…and various other factors.

Phones that sell for the most cash include recent models, such as the Apple iPhone 12 64GB, Apple iPhone 11 Pro 64GB, Apple iPhone 11 64GB and Samsung Galaxy S10 Plus 128GB, especially if they are unlocked and in excellent condition (all the better reason to invest in a case and look after your phone). Handsets that are brand new and still in their original packaging are the most valuable of all.

The best way to find out how much you can get for your phone is to search for it on our site and compare quotes. Just make sure you select the right condition, storage size, and network for your handset.



. What will happen to my phone?

When you sell your phone to RecyclePro we recycle it. But ‘recycling’ can be different depending on both the type of phone and the condition it’s in when you sell it to us. If your phone is still in good working order, we’ll probably just give it a bit of a polish and refresh and then find a new home for it. 90% of the phones we buy stay in the country as second-hand devices.

Some handsets will go overseas to be resold and a few remaining phones will be broken down into parts and safely disposed of if needs be.

                 
. How do I send my phone ?

Once you have placed an online sell order, you will be given the choice to send your packaged device using your local DPD drop off shop, request a Sales Pack or Print Your Own Label.

Using DPD is easier than ever, you select your local DPD shop, print out the label supplied and take the packaged device to the nearest DPD drop off shop. You can find your nearest pick up shop via the DPD site or by visiting https://www.dpd.co.uk/apps/shopfinder.
Requesting a Sales Pack will include a delivery note, posting instructions and a postal bag. Simply follow the posting and packaging instructions and post via one of our posting options.
Print Your Own Label; simply print your own label, follow the packaging instructions and post via one of our posting options.


. Do I pay for postage when sending my phone?

Sending your device via DPD local drop off shop is FREE. We also offer a freepost service (PacketPost Returns) which allows you to post up to 2 phones or devices free of charge. If you are selling more than 2 phones or devices, you are welcome to place multiple sales of 2 phones or devices per sale. Print your own label is also free of charge.

We have various posting options for you to choose from. These options are all explained in the posting instructions leaflet that is included in the sale pack that we send you.

Please see posting instructions for further details.

Unfortunately, we cannot accept responsibility for non-delivery of phones. We recommend that you send any high value units via registered post to ensure successful delivery. This will cost approximately £3 - £6.

Registered deliveries should (please) be sent to us at Mazuma headquarters:

Mazuma Mobile
The Old Reebok, Southgate,
White Lund Industrial Estate,
Morecambe, LA3 3PB

IMPORTANT! If you trade in 10 or more phones in the one order, you will be given a free courier drop-off or collection service


. Do I need to send the charger or accessories?

If you’re sending in a smartwatch, laptop or console then ideally yes, otherwise we just need the handset with its battery.

. I sent my phone, has it arrived?

We will send you an email on the day your phone arrives.

Sending your package via local DPD drop off shops, we do advise to allow 3-4 working days. Our freepost service should take 2-3 working days to be delivered to us. On some occasions the Royal Mail can unfortunately take up to 15 working days to deliver.

If we have not received your phone within 15 working days then it may possibly be lost in the post. In order to make a claim you will need to contact the Royal Mail on 08457 740740 or visit www.royalmail.com for more information.

. Is there a limit to the number of devices I can sell?

Good question, and good news. You can send us as many devices as you want, whenever you want. We'd like it if you did.

. Do you accept stolen phones?

We don't like thieves and definitely do not accept stolen phones. We check all received phones via CheckMEND, a crime protection database, to ensure that phones are not barred or registered stolen.

. What if my device works but has a broken screen?

Broken screens are expensive to replace. However, depending on other factors we may still be able to offer some value for the device.

. What if my device is not on your list?

Our list includes over 3000 phones and 1000 other device types and is continually growing. So it's pretty BIG. If you can't find yours, don't worry. Please contact us to request addition or quote (if we are able to) for your device.

. What if my device is blocked?

If your device is blocked, it is likely it has been reported lost or stolen. We do not purchase blocked devices. If you are the rightful owner of a blocked device, we suggest you contact your service provider to have the device unblocked.







